c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\Protocolos.exe.config
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.F_protocolos.resources
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\Protocolos.exe
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\Protocolos.pdb
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Base.dll
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Core.dll
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Packets.dll
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Base.pdb
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Base.xml
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Core.pdb
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Core.xml
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Packets.pdb
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Packets.xml
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.exe
c:\users\sandra\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.pdb
C:\Users\SANDRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Core.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\SANDRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Core.Extensions.pdb
C:\Users\SANDRA\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\PcapDotNet.Core.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\SANDRA\Documents\GitHub\Protocolos\Protocolos\bin\Debug\Protocolos.exe.config
C:\Users\SANDRA\Documents\GitHub\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.exe
C:\Users\SANDRA\Documents\GitHub\Protocolos\Protocolos\obj\Debug\Protocolos.pdb
